The Rules of the Contraband Game
1. General Rules

    1.1 The Contraband Game is team-based.

        1.1.1 There are two teams, called the "Northern" and "Southern" countries. ✅

        1.1.1.1 Each team is comprised of 5 players. (9 originally) ✅

    1.2 Each team will elect one smuggler and one inspector. The smuggler attempts to pass his or her money over the border, while the inspector's job is to prevent that from happening. ✅

        1.2.1 After one turn, the teams switch their respective roles. Two turns make one game. ✅

        1.2.2 The entire round is complete after a total of 50 games have passed. ✅

2. Smuggling and Bank Accounts

    2.1 Each smuggler has a bank account of 300 million yen in the opposing country, and their goal is to get it back. (this will allow you to repay the loan.)✅

    2.2 A smuggler is allowed to carry anywhere from 0 to 100 million yen in one turn. ✅

        2.2.1 All of the money that is successfully smuggled out will be transferred to the smuggler's bank account in an outside country.✅

3. Inspector’s Role and Doubt Mechanism

    3.1 The inspector’s job is to examine the smuggler to determine if smuggling is taking place, and if so, prevent it. ✅

        3.1.1 If the inspector suspects smuggling is taking place, he or she should declare "doubt," along with the estimated amount. ✅

            3.1.1.1 The moment the inspector does so, half of the amount declared will be taken as security. ✅

            3.1.1.2 The security is taken from the inspector’s bank account in the outside country. ✅

            3.1.1.3 To have enough funds to cover such securities, each player already has 200 million pounds in a personal bank account outside the country.✅

            3.1.1.4 An inspector cannot declare doubt on any amount that requires a security of more than what is in his or her outside bank account.✅

    3.2 If the amount declared matches or exceeds the amount being smuggled, the inspector wins and the smuggling attempt is thwarted. The money the smuggler was carrying is instead deposited into the inspector’s outside bank account. The security initially taken is also returned to the account. ✅

        3.2.1 If doubt is declared, but the smuggler is not carrying any money (the scenario with 0 pounds), the security is given to the smuggler and placed into their outside bank account.✅

        3.2.2 If the declared amount is less than the amount being carried, the smuggler wins and all of the money is placed into their outside bank account. The security also becomes theirs and is likewise added to the account. ✅

        3.2.3 If the inspector determines that no money is being smuggled, he or she should declare "pass." ✅

            3.2.3.1 However, if pass is declared and the smuggler is carrying money, the sum automatically goes to his or her outside bank account.✅

4. Winning Conditions

    4.1 Victory is determined by the sum of the entire team's individual bank accounts outside the country at the end of the round. The team with the higher sum is the winner.

    4.2 Any leftover money that was not smuggled goes to the opponents’ team and is divided equally among the entire team’s 5 members (9 members originally).

    4.3 After that, each player's outside bank account will have the initial 400 million yen (pounds) loaned to them deducted, and the remaining value will become his or her prize money.